IGNITE-15694 Document new building process of Ignite C++ and ODBC on Windows (#9680)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/SQL/ODBC/odbc-driver.adoc

== Building ODBC Driver

Ignite is shipped with pre-built installers for both 32- and 64-bit versions of the driver for Windows.

> So if you just want to install ODBC driver on Windows you may go straight to the <<Installing ODBC Driver>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if you just want to install ODBC driver on Windows, you may go straight to the <<Installing ODBC Driver>>
```

section for installation instructions.

> If you use Linux you will still need to build ODBC driver before you can install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Linux, you will still need to build an ODBC driver before installing it.
```

> So if you are using Linux or if you still want to build the driver by yourself for Windows, then keep reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if you are using Linux or still want to build the driver yourself for Windows, refer to the next section.
```

=== Building on Windows

> You should install these dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start with, install the dependencies below:
```

* MS Visual C++ (10.0 and up), g++ (4.4.0 and up)

> * OpenSSL (32-bit and 64-bit versions)

Reviewer: (32-bit **or** 64-bit versions) ?

* CMake 3.6+

> * http://wixtoolset.org[WiX Toolset] and add it to `%Path%`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install link:http://wixtoolset.org[WiX Toolset, window=_blank] and add it to `%Path%`.
```

> Then do following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, perform the following:
```

. Navigate to the `%IGNITE_HOME%\platforms\cpp` folder.

> . Build drivers and installers using following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Build drivers and installers using the following steps:
```

[tabs]
--
tab:64-bit driver[]
[source,shell]
----
mkdir cmake-build-release-64
cmake .. -DWITH_CORE=OFF -DWITH_ODBC=ON -DWITH_ODBC_MSI=ON -DCMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM=x64 -DOPENSSL_ROOT_DIR=<openssl 64-bit install dir> -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=..\install\amd64
cmake --build . --target install --config Release
----

tab:32-bit driver[]
[source,bat]
----
mkdir cmake-build-release-32
cmake .. -DWITH_CORE=OFF -DWITH_ODBC=ON -DWITH_ODBC_MSI=ON -DCMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM=Win32 -DOPENSSL_ROOT_DIR=<openssl 32-bit install dir> -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=..\install\x86
cmake --build . --target install --config Release
----
--

> As a result, `ignite-odbc-amd64.msi` and `ignite-odbc-x86.msi` files should appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, `ignite-odbc-amd64.msi` and `ignite-odbc-x86.msi` files should appear.
```
